In this video, we're going to write out a couple of tests around our sign in request handler.
Now, we're not going to really run into anything too interesting around these tests.
It's going to be pretty much pretty similar to what we just went through for sign up.
So if you are already bored with testing, that is fine.
You can feel free to skip over this video.
Otherwise, stick around.
We're going to write out just one or two quick tests just to make sure that this thing works correctly.
So let's get to it.
We're going to once again follow the same pattern of the creation of the test file.
So because we want to make a test around sign into us, we'll go into the same directory, find the
underscore, underscore test folder.
Inside there, I'll make a new file called Sign in Test Tests.
At the very top.
We'll then put in the exact same boiler plate we had in the last test file.
So we'll import request from super test.
And our app from up to directories app.
All right, let's very quickly open up that sign in route handler and try to figure out what we should
really be trying to test inside of here.
Well, we could write out some more tests around making sure that we've got some validation put together.
If you want to do that, I will leave it up to you.
You can really just take the exact same tests that we wrote for the last root handler and move them
over.
The only thing you'll need to change is we don't really have any requirements around the password being
of some particular length.
So just keep in mind that if you copy paste those tests over, you might have to update some the tests
around validation of the password.
So the things we might attempt to test is to make sure that if we try to log in as someone who has never
signed up before or essentially with an email that's never been used, then we should probably see a
response with the status code of 400.
We should also probably try to sign in with an incorrect password and expect to also see a 400.
And then finally, if we attempt to sign in with some legit credentials, then we should once again
see that hat cookie in the header.
So let's try to write out some tests for those three cases.
The case in which we reuse an email in which we use an email that does not exist and in which everything
goes successful.
So for the very first one, we'll say it.
Bale's win.
A email that does not.
Exist is supplied.
So then inside of here.
We will do and await.
Will make a request to our app.
We're going to do a post request to API.
Let me look up that route.
Handler I can't remember if we called it author users.
It looks like its users.
API users sign in.
And we'll send along whatever email.
And whatever password, they just have to be valid.
Then we will expect to get back at 400 because we are trying to sign in with an account that does not
exist.
Okay, let's save that.
We'll go back over to our terminal.
You'll notice that.
Now we've got a second file inside of here.
And it looks like all the tests inside of that sign in test file are now working correctly.
Very good.
All right.
So now the next one will do.
We're going to attempt to sign into an existing account with the incorrect password.
So I'll do another block and I'll say it fails when an incorrect password is supplied.
Now in this case, we need to make sure first that there is actually an account for us to sign into.
So we need to first go over to our sign up route, create a new account, and then attempt to sign into
it with an incorrect password.
So in this case, we'll do and await request over to app.
We'll make a post to API users sign up in this case.
We'll send along some valid credentials.
And I will expect that after signing up with these valid credentials, I get back a 201 because remember,
that's what we send back after someone signs up for an account.
Then after that, we're going to attempt to sign in.
We also want to make sure we collect the response that comes back and we're going to inspect that response
and make sure that there is some set cookie header on there.
So we will do a weight.
Requests with that will make a post to API users sign in in this case and we're going to send along
the same email.
What an incorrect password.
I'll put in some gibberish like so.
And then I'm going to expect to get a 400 back.
Okay.
Let's save that bullet back over.
And looks good.
Okay.
So now let's just do one more.
We're going to handle the case in which we sign up for an account.
And then attempt to sign in with a correct password.
And again, on the response we get back from the sign in, we should be able to take that response and
say that we've got some actual cookie being set.
They'll do it.
Responds with a cookie.
When given valid credentials.
So for this, we can save a little bit of time by just taking everything out of the body of the previous
test.
It's going to take the sign up and the sign and stuff.
I'm going to paste it down inside this new test.
Fix some indentation.
I'm going to make sure that the sign in request right here has the valid password or the correct password.
So my correct password is password.
So I'll update that string.
I'll make sure that I update that status code right there, because now that we're providing a correct
password, I'm going to expect to get back a response with the 200.
And then finally we're going to get the response and we're going to make sure that that set cookie header
is defined.
So we'll do another expect response.
Target set cookie to be defined.
All right.
Another save, another flip over to our terminal.
And after a brief pause, we are good to go.
Well, this is fantastic.
So let's take a quick pause right here and move on to testing our next root handler.